rules  =  rules
rulesGeneral  =  rules/General
rulesSiCortex64Gcc  =  rules/SiCortex64Gcc
rulesSunOS64Gcc  =  rules/SunOS64Gcc
rulesLinux64Clang  =  rules/linux64Clang
rulesLinux64Gcc++0x  =  rules/linux64Gcc++0x
rulesLinux64Gcc  =  rules/linux64Gcc
rulesLinux64Gcc43  =  rules/linux64Gcc43
rulesLinux64Gcc44  =  rules/linux64Gcc44
rulesLinux64Gcc45  =  rules/linux64Gcc45
rulesLinux64Gcc46  =  rules/linux64Gcc46
rulesLinux64Gcc47  =  rules/linux64Gcc47
rulesLinux64Gcc48  =  rules/linux64Gcc48
rulesLinux64Gcc49  =  rules/linux64Gcc49
rulesLinux64Icc  =  rules/linux64Icc
rulesLinuxARM7Gcc  =  rules/linuxARM7Gcc
rulesLinuxClang  =  rules/linuxClang
rulesLinuxGcc  =  rules/linuxGcc
rulesLinuxGcc43  =  rules/linuxGcc43
rulesLinuxGcc44  =  rules/linuxGcc44
rulesLinuxGcc45  =  rules/linuxGcc45
rulesLinuxGcc46  =  rules/linuxGcc46
rulesLinuxGcc47  =  rules/linuxGcc47
rulesLinuxGcc48  =  rules/linuxGcc48
rulesLinuxGcc49  =  rules/linuxGcc49
rulesLinuxIA64Gcc  =  rules/linuxIA64Gcc
rulesLinuxIA64Icc  =  rules/linuxIA64Icc
rulesLinuxIcc  =  rules/linuxIcc
rulesLinuxPPC64Gcc  =  rules/linuxPPC64Gcc
rulesSolarisGcc  =  rules/solarisGcc
scripts  =  scripts
src  =  src
platforms  =  platforms
platformsLinux64Icc  =  platforms/linux64Icc

$(src)/dirToString.c
$(src)/wmkdep.l
$(src)/lex.yy.c

EXE = $(FOAM_APPBIN)/wmake
